Added issuse and pr in read me (#2)
thejamiegc/SP2-Udvikling_af_store_systemer: README.md

# SP2-Udvikling_af_store_systemer

## The project board 
We chose to use a kanban board as our templete becuase we have worked with kanban boards before and find them easy to use.

## Issuses
Issuse are the tasks we will work on during the project. This means any work done should be made into an issuse. In other words issuses are our features, bugfixes and documentation tasks. These types of tasks will be made into labels this way telling dfferent issuses apart. If an issuse has multiple steps we will create suptasks inside the issuse. We will use draft issuse to contain our user stories. This way we know what user stories we are working on in this current sprint. Draft issuse will not leave the backlog. 

## Pull Requests

> We will use draft pull request to show that an issuse is beening worked on. When it comes out of draft it means the pull request is ready for review. when the pull request is merge into main then the issuse it refered ti should be resloved. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Draft pull requests is utilized in a way to indicate that an issuse is beening worked on. but isn't ready for review yet. When it comes out of draft it means the pull request is ready for review. when the pull request is approved or has underwent the nescessary changes it can then be merged into our main branch/production.
Pull requests will have issues attached and when successfully merged the attached issues should be closed/resloved in github projects, this is a way to keep track of issues via pull requests.
```

## Labels 

> As we mentioned labels will just be used to label what kind of task the issue is. Here are our labels: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels will be used to desrcibe and inform what kind of task/category the issue with the label falls under. Our current labels are as following: 
```
